# 2018-08-05 14:19:29

- [ ] Update to latest blazor 0.5
- [ ] Update SDK
- [ ] Update npm packages
- [ ] Fix the Nuget package name
- [ ] Consider solution to StateHasChanged Issue.
- [ ] Update all the samples
- [ ] Add fixie Integration test for samples
- [ ] Update Samples to latest templates

Updating the project and having confidence that I didn't break anything would be great.
How to do that, is to add tests.  This actually takes some planning and time.
Reviewing Jimmy Bogard ContosoUniv to see if I can get ideas.  I also prefer to use fixie now.

Going to start with integration tests.  As frankly I think they provide more value than Unit tests.
Yes they are slower.

I could add Integration test to the Sample app.  This duals as tests for the component as well.

Going to start 2 new projects Unit Tests for BlazorState itself and integration tests for the Hosted project

Reference:
https://github.com/fixie/fixie/wiki

And a previous implementation of a fixie test project.

- [x] Add Placeholder BlazorState.Unit.Tests
Completed: 2018-08-05 22:52:01

Given we have Features in BlazorState project itself we will do integration tests here also.

- [x] Add Placeholder BlazorState.Integration.Tests

Create new .net core library project follow the fixie quickstart

- [x] Oops I notice I put unit test project in source dir and should be in tests.

Reading a Jimmy blog yet again :)
https://lostechies.com/jimmybogard/2016/10/24/vertical-slice-test-fixtures-for-mediatr-and-asp-net-core/

