2019-01-06 15:23:20

- [x] Get powershell script to publish documentation to work.
- [x] File PR to fix it https://github.com/JamesRandall/Vsts-GitHub-Pages-Publish/pull/5
- [x] Create new Command to generate Toc.yml files based on markdown files in the directory.

I will add a header to these files similar to the following:  With something we can regex for on first line.
```
# auto-generated
#------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#    This code was generated from a template.
#
#    Manual changes to this file may cause unexpected behavior in your application.
#     Manual changes to this file will be overwritten if the code is regenerated.
#------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

If the file is auto-generated we are free to delete and regenerate.  If it doesn't have this header we will consider it a manually generate toc and won't deleted it.

Requirements: I want to be able to run the command from anywhere inside the git repo and have it find the docfx.json folder and generate for all below it excluding:
* api
* _site
* images
* Or if no children have any .md files



2019-01-08 20:59:18 

Create the Console Template based on the code we are using in tools.

Goal is `dotnet new timewarp-console`

Will generate the tools template.

Then we blog about it.

- [ ] Create Folder Structure and set up CI/CD to deploy this Nuget

2019-01-08 21:18:37 

  I need to figure out how I did the versioning on the package other package

- [ ] split versions to be independent of blazor-state?

2019-01-09 15:05:02

Create custom template for timewarp-console:
Follow the docs at https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tutorials/create-custom-template

Moving content into the template from the Tools project. 

2019-01-09 15:59:54
I added the code and replaced Tools with Console-CSharp.

Ran the BuildAndInstallTemplate.ps1

created a template and it seems to work.

Now clean up the commands so they are generic and not based on Tools.

- [x] Create SampleCommand


2019-01-10 11:18:45

- [ ] Add Template to CI/CD pipeline
    
    Create a seperate Yml for each output.
    So we need a Console templates yml file.
    And thus need to be more explcit of the name for the timewarp-blazor template.
    Or should we put all our templates into the same nuget? timewarp-templates

- [x] Create ConsoleTemplate.yml for Development branch using MyGet
    Tested in that it deployed to MyGet.
- [x] Create ConsoleTemplate.yml for master branch using Nuget
    
- [x] Version the templates independently
  - [x] Add Commands to Tools so we can set the version of each output as needed.
  - [x] Add powershell script to set all the versions and also easy to remember the latest version.

- [ ] Add Tools to the Blazor Template with at least the GenerateToc command.
    The SetVersion command is very useful but needs to be implemented specific so maybe include a shell.
    The GitService is probably useful for all.


- [ ] Determine a file naming convention camelCase or PascalCase and try to clean up.
- [ ] Deployment of Nuget pacakges to MyGet and or Nuget should be a part of the 
    Release pipeline not the Build pipeline.  Once yaml is available for release we should clean that up.

#### Various Commandline Args for testing
"commandLineArgs": "SetVersion --Project BlazorState --Major 0 --Minor 0 --Patch 1"
"commandLineArgs": "SetVersion --help"